---
title: Some thoughts become my world 
date: 2023-12-18
---


I'm not sure when, but someone once said to me. He said that in order to live a denser life, you need to increase the density of your thoughts. At the time, I thought it was just a cool saying, but I didn't really think much about what it meant. As I grew older, one year at a time, I realized that “what you think about” may be what defines your character and personality, so the title of this book was fascinating. My bookshelf is full of books waiting to be read, and I picked up another new one.


As a lover of the humanities, I was tempted to underline every sentence, but I restrained myself, refined it, and typed only a little. I'm very proud of that. There are so many people in this book that you would expect to see in a textbook. You know, people whose names you've heard a lot, but you don't really know their views. When I took a closer look at their ideas, I realized that they weren't famous for nothing. What's fascinating is that the concerns and reflections of their time are still relevant in the 21st century. Maybe the process of living life is the same in every era, so as a member of Generation MZ, I should stop whining and live humbly.

When people introduce themselves, they usually introduce themselves by their personality. I am a passive person. I am a nice person. I am a cool person, etc. However, these words lock the speaker into a personality the moment they are uttered. If humans have free will, then living freely should be the most important thing. However, using personality to explain one's behavior can make us passive and unfree. I think the reason why type tests like the MBTI are so popular is that we can feel secure by escaping into personality and temperament. We don't know if humans actually have free will, but in order to live an independent life, we should try to be open to various situations. It's just easier to blame various reasons on personality.

These days, I feel like I'm addicted to my smartphone, and I'm trying my best to break free from it. Of course, it doesn't work. I use my smartphone so much that I don't know if I'm using it or it's using me. I think it's very hard to get away from the stimulation and novelty of a smartphone after a few swipes. Many people, including myself, have become addicted to their phones, and it seems that we lose the meaning of the simple things in life because we are exposed to such stimulating things so often. It's unfortunate that there is a widespread mentality that everyday life is full of mundane and banal tasks. The lack of a holistic experience across the smallest details of our daily lives means that we have no choice but to look for the extraordinary outside the everyday. That's why I think we should try our best to make every moment a unique experience on a personal level, even if society is absurdly stripping it of meaning.

I feel like I've found a delicious book after a long time. I wanted to read it slowly and digest it, just as I would if I ate delicious food quickly. I enjoyed every day while reading it, thinking about death, life, freedom, others, existence, and the direction of life. I think it would be a good guide to turn to whenever you have a problem in your life. Personally, I think a good book is one that can turn your conventional thinking upside down, and this book is definitely a good book by that standard. I'm glad to have met many of the mentors in the book, and I realized that I need to broaden my perspective on the world and think more deeply. I'm a good person now, but I think I have a lot of work to do to become a better person.
